Add docs for account impersonation. (#551)
cakephp/authentication: docs/en/impersonation.rst

User Impersonation
##################

.. versionadded:: 3.0.0
   User impersonation was added.

> After getting your application deployed you may occasionally need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying your application, you may occasionally need to
```

or to see the application in the state that your customers are seeing it.

Enabling Impersonation
======================

To impersonate another user you can use the ``impersonate()`` method on the
``AuthenticationComponent``. To impersonate a user you first need to load that
user from your application's database::

    // In a controller 
    public function impersonate()
    {
        $this->request->allowMethod(['POST']);

        $currentUser = $this->request->getAttribute('identity');

        // You should always check that the current user is allowed
        // to impersonate other users first.
        if (!$currentUser->isStaff()) {
            throw new NotFoundException();
        }

        // Fetch the user we want to impersonate.
        $targetUser = $this->Users->findById(
            $this->request->getData('user_id')
        )->firstOrFail();

        // Enable impersonation.
        $this->Authentication->impersonate($targetUser);
        $this->redirect($this->referer());
    }

Once you have started to impersonate a user, all subsequent requests will have
``$targetUser`` as the active identity.

Ending Impersonation
====================

> Once you are done impersonating a user you can then end impersonation and revert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done impersonating a user, you can then end impersonation and revert
```
